a new year, another turn of the calendar, another round of fireworks and resolutions.
But before we rush into what's next, let's pause.
Scripture says, teach us to number our days that we may gain a heart of wisdom, not to count the days gone by, but to make the days ahead count.
Every sunrise is mercy renewed,
Every breath is grace extended.
And as the clock strikes midnight, we're reminded, time isn't ours to keep.
It's God's to redeem.
The Bible reminds us, if anyone is in Christ, they are a new creation.
The old has gone.
The new has come.
So this year, let's not just turn a page.
Let's turn our hearts.
Let's walk into the unknown with fame, trusting the author who's already written every day.
Morning.
For those of you who don't know me, my name is Jonathan Conrad.
I'm an elder here at Candy Perodes, and I have a privilege to speak with you this morning.
So a question.
Who in here likes coffee?
Coffee.
Good.
Nobody's getting any yes, this is mine.
So seriously, I want to, today we're going to be talking about a trip that my wife and I took down to Columbia.
We were in Medellin, we were just went north of Medellin, and we visited a coffee plantation.
And we met a guy named Miguel, and this I think you're going to see here, Miguel, this is Miguel.
Miguel is the coolest guy, but we decided to go tour this coffee plantation.
We were down there, I was actually down there on a work trip, and we thought we'd visit Hatillo coffee.
That's this guy's coffee.
And Miguel was a great guy, but one of the things that we went through, and as he was talking about the coffee process, the plantation, everything he did, why he's doing this, why he farms, why he cares about it, how they do it there.
One of the thing that really hit me about his whole story was our big idea for the day, which is God's gifts are clearly visible, and they're shaping our lives actively, every day.
The gifts that He's given you is shaping your life.
But you gotta look at it, you gotta use it, right?
So before we get to more, let's pray and then we'll dive in, okay?
Father, we thank you so much for bringing us here this morning.
We thank you for the chance to celebrate the birth of your son Jesus and what that means for us.
Well, we thank you for bringing gifts into our lives, helping us to be passionate for you to work for your glory.
Well, I pray that you be with this morning as we study your word, we study what it is you have for us to do in our lives.
We lift this to you in Jesus' name, amen.
So I go to tour of Miguel's plantation and the coolest part about this is we get there and you'll see some photos here of when we walked up, right?
We walk up and this is the plantation.
We drove up north into the mountains.
We get into this beautiful landscape.
It is incredibly beautiful there.
We, we walk up to his, this is one of the outbuildings that he does a lot of the processing of a coffee.
And Miguel comes up and he's, by the way, this is going to come back, but he carries that tree with him throughout this tour.
That's one of the coffee plants.
But the first thing we do is we walk up, um, and I'm thinking, I, you guys have probably done plenty of tours.
You walk up, you're thinking, okay, we're going to get on some tram, some bus.
He's going to take us out to the field.
He's going to show us the plants.
We're going to end up in a gift shop where I'm supposed to buy coffee.
This is how that's going to go.
But it didn't at all.
The cool, Miguel, we walk up, and the first thing he says is the question I started with.
Do you like coffee?
And I said, yeah, I love coffee.
Kelly, not so much, my wife.
But I love coffee.
And he's like, great.
And he says, what kind of coffee do you like?
And I said, well, not Starbucks.
And he goes, thank you.
Thank you.
And I said, yeah.
And he goes, yeah, that's terrible coffee.
He said, do you like artisanal coffee?
That's what we make.
And I was like, oh, cool.
But he said, well, before we go anywhere, he said, can we just sit?
And he pulls us up to his porch.
And he says, can we just sit and talk for a minute?
And I'm thinking, it's okay, you know.
So he pulls up some lawn chairs on his porch and he adds this little set up here.
You can see he's got like a little Mr. Coffee making his coffee.
And he's sitting there and he says, I just want to, I think it's the right thing to do is just start with, with why I do this, like why I care about coffee.
And I thought, what a cool thing to do.
So we sit down and he tells us his story.
And he says,
He says, you know, I grew up on this farm.
I grew up farming with my dad.
My dad loves coffee.
He's always done it, but he's never been able to make it successful.
He's never been able to do much with it.
But he's like, but we love it.
He loves what it means for his family.
He loves what it means for his country.
It's one of their major exports, of course.
Everybody knows Colombian coffee.
So he just, it was a passion of his.
He grew up loving coffee and what it meant for everything around him.
But as he got older,
He just, you know, it's not working in terms of making money.
There's not much he can do with his life with this.
He feels like it's just, you know, I love it, but what can I do with it?
Also, he gets a little disenfranchised because the bigger companies are coming in at this point and they're buying up all the small farms and you can't compete with the big guys.
And it's just, you know, he's frustrated and his dad is, he's mad because his, you know, his dad is working so hard and can't do much.
So he says, I don't think this is for me.
So despite how much I love it, I've got to do something else.
So he goes and gets a degree in engineering and decides to just go a whole different path.
And he actually gets a job with a company, a global company in Europe.
And he's an engineer over in Europe for many years.
And he does pretty well.
But then one day he realizes he hates engineering.
Sorry for any engineers in here.
But he said it's the most boring thing in the world, which I happen to agree with him.
But he's like, this is terrible.
This is not for me.
The passion wasn't there.
But he learned some incredible skill that he could apply.
And he's like, I got an idea.
So he calls his dad.
And his dad at this point is getting older and kind of ailing.
And he says, I want to take over the farm.
I'm going to come back.
And I want to take over the farm.
And I've got an idea.
I want to turn this into a co-op.
I want to co-op with all the other farmers that are local here.
And I want us to work together.
And I will distribute.
Our Hatio coffee will be the distributor of all the farms.
And we'll work together.
That way we can all survive.
We can increase the quality, which is his big focus.
And he's taking this engineering skill and creates incredible processes around how do we make the best possible quality coffee.
And he's focused on that now.
So he's, he's combining that passion and that skill.
And it's this cool story I'm seeing unfold as he's talking about it.
And then he, he says, you know, so I came back, I started this.
We have a co-op now, the coffee that you're going to get might come from any of the given farms.
And and also now we can employ all the locals who don't have any other things to do in this in this region He can employ them give them jobs so they tend his farm So I was just thinking this is such an incredible thing and it hit me the biggest thing that hit me about his is that God gives us with passion and purpose He gives us passion and purpose Miguel loves coffee
And what it means for his family, like I said, his country, all that stuff, he wants it to be the best, he wants it to be the best for everybody.
And then he's also thinking, and I can make people's lives better.
I can help the other farmers.
I can take this passion and turn it into something bigger.
So Ephesians 2 10 says, for we are God's handiwork created in Christ Jesus to do good works, which God prepared in advance for us to do, you have a gift.
So many people say, I don't not really get it anything.
Yes, you are.
God has gifted you with something.
He's gifted you with a passion.
Maybe you think, well, it's not really something I can do.
Miguel didn't think it was either, not at first.
But God has given him that passion and he didn't let it go.
He kept, even though Miguel moved literally a part of the global way, that ember was still there of that passion.
I want to do coffee.
I want to do this.
So, there's another verse here, I wanted to read Matthew 5, 16, in the same way, let your light shine before others that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven.
He took what he was gifted with and he's helping others.
So, I want to ask you, what is the passion that, when I mention this, what are you thinking about?
What is that thing in your heart that if somebody mentions it, you're like, can we pull up a chair and talk?
I got to tell you about this.
That's what God has given you.
That's it.
That's the passion.
Grab hold of it and don't let it go.
We're going into a new year here.
Everybody talks about we were just talking about what that's going to mean for you and where you're going to use it and how you're going to what you're going to do this year.
Make it the year that you take God's passion and turn it into something that you work for God's Kingdom.
So, so then we go to
the fields.
We go out, he says, okay, now we can go out into the fields.
So we go out into the fields and you'll see he shows us more of the trees and we walk out and we actually see the, we see the trees themselves.
He shows us his whole process.
Now he's getting, now he's geeking out over this stuff.
He's really excited.
He's out in the field and he's like, okay, this is how we plant.
This is what it looks like.
It's beautiful areas.
He has the trees.
He shows us
How to pick those cherries by the way, I didn't even realize that coffee was a cherry.
It's a fruit I didn't know that but it's a fruit It's a cherry and he and there was a point where he squeezed the cherry into my hand and it's this This it's covered in juice and fruit and he says just put in your mouth and taste the taste of fruit and it's really sweet and he says yeah And he's telling me it's like yeah, that's because the ones we plant on this hill are sweeter now I'm gonna go to the other hill and then you'll taste it's less sweet It's different and he's he knows exactly what soil produces what and
He knows where they're going to plant the trees.
He knows which trees he wants to take the new seeds from to plant the other trees.
So all these things he's doing, and he's showing us how this works, and he's just really, really excited about the whole process.
And again, I'm seeing that passion start to combine with this skill that he has that he's developed for the process, the quality control, all these things that he's doing.
So then you can go to the next slide here.
You'll see this is the coffee bean he put into my hand and he said, no, taste that.
And I did.
And you see the plantation here, all the plants, this plant on the bottom right is just overwhelmed with fruit.
And he's like, that's the tree I'm taking from next because it's awesome.
It's going to produce more fruit.
So he's going through this thing.
And then I just, again, this clicked for me that I thought it was so amazing that God's gifts to us, he gives us skill and determination to excel for his glory.
If you are passionate about what we just talked about, there's a passion for you.
You wanna do it well, right?
You wanna do it well.
So if God gives you that passion, next is go and develop that skill.
Because he has given this to you, because he wants you to combine the two.
And again, I'm gonna go back to what I thought was so cool in seeing this story, is that Miguel didn't think he had it.
He's like, this is not gonna work.
But then he goes away and God says, well, because you're not done yet.
Right?
I gave you the passion.
Now you need the skill.
So he sends him, you know, in his life, you can see God's fingerprints on this, where he goes and learns this skill.
And then he's like, I know how to apply.
I know what I can do for the coffee, for the business.
Now I can do this.
I can make it better.
So then he goes back and he applies the two.
And now something's going.
Now Hatillo Coffee is here.
And he's doing great things.
And he's employing people and giving jobs and doing all this amazing stuff.
Is that not cool?
And it was like, how amazing is God to do this in his life?
You know, 2 Timothy says, for this reason I remind you to fan into flame the gift of God, which is in you through the laying on of my hands.
And Colossians 3 says, whatever you do, work at it with all your heart as if working for the Lord, not for human masters.
That's Miguel.
He is working, the coffee is his life, but also he's able to change others' lives.
And he's doing this.
and impacting others, and that's just such a cool story to see.
So I'm gonna ask you this.
What do you need to do to fan into flame that passion?
Maybe you need to do, sorry, you probably won't go to Europe to learn something new, sorry.
If you do, cool, do it.
It's not necessarily that big of a thing, right?
Maybe you just need to ask somebody to mentor you.
Maybe you just need to say, I want to volunteer.
I want to learn on the job.
I want to see how it works.
Take the step.
God has given you that passion for a reason.
And if you're stuck and you're like, I don't know how to apply it.
I don't know what to do with it.
Take the step to develop the skill.
And also never give up on the passion.
You may think it's not going to work.
It's not going to work now.
Maybe God's not done.
Maybe God hasn't taught you the next step.
Don't give up on that passion, right?
So this was a funny part because at this point, Miguel, we're out there and he's all giddy.
He's so excited about this whole plantation.
And he comes up to me and he says, he's like, OK, do you want to know my problems?
And I was like, do we need to go back to the porch and sit down again?
Like, I've got plenty of my own, Miguel.
We could share.
But he was like, well, I think it's important that you know my challenges.
And I was like, OK. And I was thinking he was going to say, like, distribution, whatever quality control.
He didn't.
He goes, come here.
And he walks me over to a tree.
And the tree has this on it.
It's discolored.
And he says, this is coffee rust.
And I was like, ah, what is it?
And he said, well, this tree, I said, what does it do to it?
And he said, well, it just hinders production.
It'll slow down.
It won't produce as much fruit.
And if you don't do something about it, eventually it'll stop producing altogether.
And I said, man, does it spread a lot?
And he said, well, we can treat it with
fungicides and things like that.
We can see it so we can treat it.
And he said, but the tree is really, it's going to slow its production.
It's not going to be as good.
We can't really plant from it again, that kind of thing.
So he's like, we've got to be really careful about it.
We're watching it all the time.
And he said, so come here and I'll show you the second one.
And he walks me over to the second one.
And it's these things.
He picks a cherry, and he walks it over to me, and he says this right here.
And it looks just like the regular chairs, except there's a
pin-prick hole on the bottom of it.
And then he squeezed it in my hand like he did the other fruit.
And instead of it being juicy and the fruit coming out, he squeezed it in my hand and it's dust and brown and rubriddle.
And there's these tiny little beetles all over it.
And he says, that's the coffee borer beetle.
And he said, they bore into this cherry and they eat it from within.
and they spread all over it at different trees.
So before I go on, I want to ask you, which one do you think is more dangerous?
Anybody?
The Beatles?
Why?
You can't see it.
It's eating it from within.
I think you probably know where I'm going with this one, but it hit me like a ton of bracelets like, man, this is like us.
Miguel has been given a passion and a skill and he's serving.
And then he's got two challenges in his life, external and internal.
The external, God gives us clarity and courage to address the challenges we face.
He's gifted us with this.
So the external, we'll talk about that for a second.
The external in our lives, I mean, it's obvious, right?
There's the people we're around, the actions we're taking,
There's the influences we allow into our lives, what you're watching, what you're doing, again, who you're with.
Those things can do exactly what happens with the coffee rust, right?
What does it do?
It slows your productivity for God, gets in the way.
You can't be as productive for God if you have coffee rust in your life, right?
If it's all over, if your external influences are preventing you from serving God, you're being less productive.
And if you don't do something about it,
you will eventually stop production altogether.
You've got to deal with it.
So for the outside influences, 1 Corinthians 1533 says, do not be misled, bad company corrupts good character.
You guys have heard that before?
Proverbs 13, 20, walk with the wise and become wise for a companion of fools suffers harm.
How true is that?
We've all been there.
So then I would tell you what's in your life that you need to get away from.
What are those external influences you need to remove from your life?
The second thing, like you all said, internal influences is incredibly dangerous because that's what's happening in your heart that nobody sees.
You may look fine.
What is eating at your heart right now?
That you know shouldn't be there, that you know you need to deal with.
I told you how he treats the coffee rust.
I said, what do you do about the coffee borer beetles?
And he says, it's only one thing to do.
He says, you cut the tree down, you dig a hole, you put the tree in the hole, you burn it and you bury it.
That is how we need to be treating the sins in our lives.
Cut it out, burn it and bury it.
And then you say, well, how?
Through the Holy Spirit, God has gifted us the Holy Spirit.
God can help you.
You just have to ask and lean on him.
God wants to help you.
He doesn't want those influences in your heart because you can't be productive in your life.
You can't be productive for his kingdom.
It's going to destroy you and everything around you if you don't get rid of it.
So what is it?
What's in your heart?
You know it's there.
The other cool thing I asked him is I said, you know, this is so dangerous to your crops.
How do you check for it?
How often do you look at these trees?
Like he had to look for the cherry as I did, you know, and he said, uh, every single day.
we scan every tree.
That's how we have to treat sin in our lives.
Every day, watch it, monitor it, acknowledge it.
One of the things that I love, there's a verse in Mark, Mark 5, 9, and it's when Jesus casts the demons out of the man.
And the first thing Jesus does is he walks up to him and he says, name yourself.
Why?
Does Jesus need to name them to kick them out?
No.
Because Jesus was telling us it's important to call out the name.
What are your demons and say the name?
And of course the demons responded, we are legion for we are many.
Boy, can I relate, right?
It's in us, we have that, but name it, call it out.
That's what God wants you to do and then rely on him to deal with it.
Romans 7, 15, Paul says, for I do not understand my own actions, for I do not do what I want, but I do the very thing I hate.
Here's the cool thing, he goes on to say, at the end of that section, he goes on to say, but thank God I have Christ Jesus for some my salvation.
That's how you beat these demons.
Okay, so then also first Peter five, seven says, cast all your anxieties on him because he cares for you.
So the most powerful thing that came from this conversation though, is I told you he was carrying that tree around with him.
And I said,
I said, well, I mean, what if, you know, I'm thinking this is impossible.
These beetles are going to take over your whole plant or your whole area.
And he said, no, there's one thing you can do.
Always keep planting.
And then he handed me the tree and he had me plant the tree.
And we actually have a video of me actually planting this tree.
And I thought it was the coolest thing because he has me plant this.
And I'm thinking again,
This is just like our lives.
Do you know how you combat all the negativity in your life and the things that are impacting you?
Always keep planning more seeds for the kingdom of God.
Always keep working for God.
If you're working for God, those outside influences are not in your way.
If you're working for God, then he can help you deal with those internal influences.
If you're working for his kingdom and you're always planting seeds, you're going to be relying on him and that's going to change your life.
So I love that he said, yeah, always keep planting.
Here's the tree.
Let's go plant this.
And by the way, he said he's going to name that Jonathan's tree and he's going to send me pictures when it starts producing stuff.
So that was really neat.
So we got to do that.
And do you guys see God's fingerprints on this whole thing?
It was just like, man, this is so incredible.
So then we go back and we actually go and this part was my favorite part because we get to the roasting of coffee.
So we go back to his home there, that area, that facility where we kind of sat and had coffee.
And he starts showing us, he shows us how they, how they select the beans, how they clean the beans.
And he goes through this whole process.
Again, he's geeking out on the engineering thing.
But then he shows us how they actually start roasting.
And he has this big machine that he has in there.
And I want to play a couple of videos here because I want you to hear what it's like in this room.
And I want you to see this machine.
So we can do that real quick.
So that's the roaster getting started.
You hear how loud it is.
You see the fire.
The beans are being tossed.
And then this next one, which gives you a broader view of the actual roaster.
Now you heard us talking there, right?
You heard how loud it is because we're literally like, yeah, and this is amazing.
You know, I mean, it was really loud in the room.
So I'll tell you some things that are going on in this picture.
Miguel is actively, I mean, it's like this is where he's working the hardest.
He is watching every detail.
You can see the monitor on the wall.
It had data.
I couldn't tell you what it was telling him.
He was looking at pressure and heat and speed and time and all this stuff.
And he's monitoring the whole time that you saw the, the beans being tossed in there.
He would go and check it constantly.
He had this thing that he could pull the beans, some sample of the beans out, check it, put it back in and he continued doing this the whole time.
And he was kind of talking to us, but you can see he's just engrossed in this process.
This is where he's at his, his best.
He's looking at the data.
He's looking at the numbers.
He's watching it go, then he tells us on the screen, he says, you know,
He says, you have to bring it up.
And he's like, the best analogy is like an airplane.
You have to bring it up right at speed, get to a certain altitude, temperature, pressure, all that kind of stuff.
You get it there for just the right amount of time.
You've got to bring it back down.
You've got to land the plane before anything happens.
And it doesn't burn.
So he is just actively engaged here.
And he's really looking at it.
And he's going through this whole process.
And he's just so enveloped in it.
And then he does this third one, which was my favorite part.
We can play the third.
When the beans come out, that room smells amazing.
Even Kelly was like, I don't like coffee, but that smells incredible.
That whole room, I would work for Miguel just to open that bat and just be there.
It was really cool.
It's really something.
By the way, this bag that we bought was from that batch coffee.
So why am I showing you all this?
You see, again, the chart, the graphs, all that stuff going on there.
How do you feel this process feels for the coffee beans?
Good, bad, kind of rough, right?
A little warm, a little hot.
God prepares us perfectly.
That's the next point.
God prepares us perfectly and you're not going to like this.
but sometimes we're the bean.
Do you feel like you're in life just tumbling and just being beaten up and roasting?
You feel like you're going to burn out?
From the beans perspective, this is rough.
But if we're the bean, what's Miguel?
Miguel is God in this situation.
So we have
a God who is so passionate and excited and in the weeds of everything going on in our life.
And he's watching every moment and he knows exactly what you're going through, but he cares for you.
He loves you.
He wants you to be the best possible quality.
He's watching it.
He's not going to let you burn.
He's not going to let you burn out.
He's watching every moment.
He's watching the data.
He's seeing what's going on in your life.
And when you think you're being roasted, God is saying you're almost done.
You're almost there.
One of the coolest things that happened in this moment was you heard that noise.
Okay, it was noisy.
Miguel is mid-sentence telling me about some of the data, I don't know what he was talking about, but he was telling me some of the data.
And then he goes, oh, oh, and he gets this, and he goes, oh, do you hear it?
I'm like, I hear what?
And he's like, you don't hear it?
It's like, no, he goes to the beans, they're opening.
You can hear it, you can hear it.
And I'm like,
I'm trying at this point.
I don't hear it.
And he's like, there it is again.
I'm like, what is it?
But he says the beans get to a certain temperature and then they open.
You can't do anything with coffee if the beans are not open.
Right?
He knows exactly.
And just like Miguel's listening for this coffee, we have a God who hears every voice.
He hears every cry.
He hears everything that we have going on in life.
When you call out to him, he goes, ah, do you hear it?
He hears it.
And he knows that means you're there.
You're almost there.
You're almost ready.
Right?
And he, he says, when the, when the beans are cracking, they kind of opening up.
That's when he, that's when he dumps them out and they were awesome.
Right?
And that's how he knows they're perfect.
They're done.
They're ready.
Whatever you're going through right now in your life that you're thinking, I am roasting.
God is preparing you perfectly for what's next.
Whatever that is.
You are being prepared for what's about to happen.
Don't give up on that.
Don't feel like God has let you go.
He's not.
He's Miguel.
He's watching every detail and he's super excited and he cares for you.
We have the most passionate, excellent engineer in the universe watching us.
And he's passionate about us as Miguel is about the coffee.
Jeremiah 2911 says, for I know the plans I have for you declares the Lord plans for welfare, not for evil, to give you a future and hope.
Proverbs 3 says, I'm sorry, Romans 12 says, Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation.
And then my favorite here is James 1 says, count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness.
And hear this, steadfastness, let steadfastness have its full effect that you may be perfect and complete, lacking for nothing.
Let steadfastness have its full purpose so that you can be
complete, perfect and complete.
God prepares us perfectly for what he has for you to do.
So the last part, I'm going to jump back a little bit.
I'm going to go back to something he told us about the selection process and the drying process before he gets to the roasting.
So one of the coolest things, he goes through this story and he shows us where he chooses the fruit.
and then how it's dry.
There are three different ways.
And I think we have another image here that you'll see.
We have three different ways here.
The cherry at the top, that's just as picked from the tree, right?
That's the cherry.
Then you have three different ways to dry the cherries.
One is called, it's on the left here for you.
It's called natural.
You just take the cherry, you sit it out in the sun, let it dry.
The next is called honey.
You take it out of the cherry, but you don't do anything with it.
You just then put the bean out and let it dry.
The last one is called washed, and that's where they clean the bean.
They take it out, they clean it, and then they dry it.
So it's dried with nothing on it.
So the coolest part about this is we got to smell all of these different roasted beans made different ways.
And we smelled the natural, and it was, again, smelled amazing.
I mean, it was rich in smell.
It was like, man, this is going to make some awesome coffee.
The honey also had a sweet aroma.
It was very rich in smell again.
And then the one on the right, the wash smelled like cut grass.
It was like, oh, like this makes coffee.
So here's the coolest part about that, though.
I was again thinking, God is all over this.
It's such a cool thing.
But before I get to that, I want to ask, which one do you think makes the best coffee?
So the first one makes coffee that I said smells amazing.
Smells incredible.
It's like rich and everything.
Very dark.
Super bitter and very acidic.
Very acidic and bitter.
He said he doesn't even make that because he can't sell it.
It's 4% of people buy it, right?
It's just not, not quality.
The second one, honey,
also not very high quality, very bitter, not quite as acidic, but then you lean into the bitterness.
I'm not great.
The last one, the washed, is smooth, no bitterness, very low acidity, and I don't drink black coffee, not US black coffee.
I drink this black because it doesn't, it's amazing.
It's so smooth and the flavor's great, no acid, doesn't have that bitterness, doesn't have that, you know, Starbucks awfulness.
But how cool is that?
Because my first thought, when he told me this story, I took this picture because I'll just, again, God's fingerprints here.
If the cherries are the world, then the world is gonna dry you out.
And if you are still in the world and you don't have Christ in your life, you're gonna be bitter and you're gonna be acidic.
You're not gonna be happy.
Maybe you do have Christ in your life.
But you haven't dealt with those external influences, more than the internal influences.
You're just still living in the world.
Guess what?
You're still gonna be bitter.
You're still not gonna understand.
You're not investing in Christ.
You're not working for God's kingdom.
You're not allowing him to do in you what he wants.
But if you are the third one, you are washed
You are clean.
You are in God.
And guess what?
Now you're not bitter.
You're not acidic.
You're not toxic to those around you.
You are washed in his blood.
That is what hit me about this.
I thought, how incredible, again, God's fingerprints all over this.
The last point I had here is God calls me to be set apart and washed clean.
He has given you a passion and a purpose.
He has gifted you with skill.
He has gifted you with clarity.
He is showing you what you can do with this.
And he's telling you that we should be set apart and washed clean in his blood.
He is calling for you to accept his gift of salvation.
He's calling for you to accept the gift of salvation.
It's there.
Acts 22, 16 says, and now why do you wait?
Rise and be baptized and wash away your sins calling on his name.
Revelation 714 says, and he said to me, these are the ones coming out of the great tribulation.
They have washed their robes and made them white in the blood of the lamb.
That's what he wants us to be.
Can't serve him if you're not supported by him, if you're not in him, if you're not working for him, if you're not devoting your life to him and letting him lead you.
God is calling you to do that.
He's calling you to give you, to give, to accept the gift that he's given you and to accept that salvation and to give your life to him.
And then you can do amazing things.
Have you done that?
I mean, have you, have you accepted God's gift to salvation?
Have you thought about it?
Have you said, I know I have passions.
I don't know what to do with them.
I don't know where they come from.
That's also God calling you.
He's gifted you.
and he wants you to work in his kingdom.
If you haven't done that, you can do it today, you can do it now.
You can ask him into your life to lead you and let you be productive for his kingdom.
And all you gotta do is just pray.
As a matter of fact, pray something like this, let's pray.
Father, I pray that if someone is here and they are seeking you and they feel the passion that you've given them, they feel the gift that you have for them or they just
They don't know you yet.
They don't know how to trust you with that.
Lord, I pray that that person says to you that, Lord, I accept your gift.
I know that you died for me to wash me clean, to set me apart in this world, to let me have a tremendous impact for your kingdom, to do amazing things for you.
Lord, I thank you for what you did for me in dying on the cross.
Lord, I thank you for the gift of salvation.
And I accept that gift.
Lord, help me to serve you.
And Lord, for everyone else in this room, I just pray that this resonates with their heart, Lord, that they are encouraged to serve, that they take the next step of that service for you, or that they seek the skills.
They really just grow the passion you've given them, fan that into flame.
Lord, that we rely on you fully and wholly in our lives.
We thank you so much for the gifts you've given us.
We lift this to you in Jesus' name.
Amen.